<div>
  <h1>Welcome to ArcMind, Inc.</h1>
  <p>ArcMind is a full-service, software development company that can help you 
    succeed on your next project.</p>
  <p>ArcMind provides systems integration, consulting and mentoring services serving 
    Global 1000 companies with a primary focus on J2EE/Struts and .Net. Our niche 
    is the application of Agile practices of continuous integration, unit testing 
    and more applied to J2EE/Struts and .Net. Our focus on Agile Methods allows 
    our customers to deliver business value to their clients in the shortest time 
    possible while reducing risk.</p>
  <p>Unlike other consulting firms our objectives are not for your company to 
    hire more and more consultants. Although we are primarily a consulting firm, 
    our focus is on building your team through mentoring and training. Our experienced 
    consultants mentor your team to have the skills to be successful and make 
    our consultants and services obsolete. This is called mentoring. We can put 
    members on your team "who have been there and done that" with J2EE/Struts, 
    .Net and Agile Methods. Our intention is transitioning full control back to 
    your team at project completion or a notable agreed upon milestone in the 
    project.</p>
  <p>Our trainers are real world developers and mentors who can help you deliver 
    your next project in a timely fashion. Unlike other trainers, our trainers 
    are experienced developers who have worked with the technologies and have 
    real-world experience with the technologies and techniques that they are training. 
    These trainers can later work with your team as a mentors and consultants 
    saving you valuable ramp up time because they have "been there and done that 
    before".</p>
  <p>If you decide to outsource your project or parts of your project off shores 
    or local, we can help you there as well. </p>
</div>